discord-bot/README.md, before:

## Bazaar Bot


This is the bot that's used at the discord server: https://discord.gg/sjNFags

Currently, it should work in every server. The `~find` command, however, hasn't been implemented to work for every server yet.

To setup, you need a .env file for storing the hypixel api key and the bot's token:
```
HYPIXEL_API_KEY=___________________________
BOT=_______________________
```

To set the channel in which the bot spits out the information, go into index.js and change the second parameter in `require("./bazaar/bazaar.js")(client, "732332400440508496");` to match the channel id of your choice. 
If you want the `~find` command to work, edit [bazaar.js](https://github.com/symt/BazaarNotifier/blob/master/discord-bot/src/bazaar/bazaar.js#L22-L25) to match the prefix and channel you want.



If you want to merge the bot with your own, you just need the `require("./bazaar/bazaar.js")(client, channel);` line somewhere in `client.on('ready'...`. Of course, the import should lead to bazaar.js. You might have to edit the file like stated above so you can use the command.

Commit message:

Updated bot to discord.js version 13 (#78)
* bot changes - runs cache on client ready, exports client, prefix and channel constants from index, and use of setInterval() instead of node-schedule

* changed informations in the bot's README.md file to reflect the changes

* really small change to readme

* Small changes before merging

* Trailing backticks removed

Co-authored-by: symt <28537235+symt@users.noreply.github.com>

discord-bot/README.md, after:

## Bazaar Bot


This is the bot that's used at the discord server: https://discord.gg/sjNFags

Currently, it should work in every server. The `~find` command, however, hasn't been implemented to work for every server yet. You can implement it for other servers by changing the channel id, but it won't work if the instance isn't yours.

To setup, you need a .env file for storing the hypixel api key and the bot's token:
```
HYPIXEL_API_KEY=___________________________
BOT=_______________________
CHANNEL=______________
```

To set the channel in which the bot spits out the information, go into index.js and change the channel variable to the id of the channel of your choosing. You can also modify the .env file as seen above. The prefix, defaulting to `~`, can be set in index.js.

If you want to merge the bot with your own, change the prefix, client and channel in the import variables of bazaar/bazaar.js to your own and run cacheUpdate function in your ready event (it will automatically run the rest of the files).
